Update Lighthouse Book for Electra features (#7280)
sigp/lighthouse: book/src/validator_sweep.md

- if a validator has a withdrawal credential type `0x00`, the rewards will continue to accumulate and will be locked in the beacon chain.
- if a validator has a withdrawal credential type `0x01`, any rewards above 32ETH will be periodically withdrawn to the withdrawal address. This is also known as the "validator sweep", i.e., once the "validator sweep" reaches your validator's index, your rewards will be withdrawn to the withdrawal address.  The validator sweep is automatic and it does not incur any fees to withdraw.

## Partial withdrawals via the execution layer

> With [Pectra](https://ethereum.org/en/history/#pectra) upgrade, validators with 0x02 withdrawal credentials can partially withdraw the staked fund via the execution layer by sending a transaction using the withdrawal address. You can withdraw up until the validator balance is 32 ETH. For example, if the validator balance is 40 ETH, you can withdraw up to 8 ETH. You can use [Siren](./ui.md) or the [staking launchpad](https://launchpad.ethereum.org/en/) to execute partial withdrawals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the [Pectra](https://ethereum.org/en/history/#pectra) upgrade, validators with 0x02 withdrawal credentials can partially withdraw staked funds via the execution layer by sending a transaction using the withdrawal address. You can withdraw down to a validator balance of 32 ETH. For example, if the validator balance is 40 ETH, you can withdraw up to 8 ETH. You can use [Siren](./ui.md) or the [staking launchpad](https://launchpad.ethereum.org/en/) to execute partial withdrawals.
```
